ae
Hmm
Um, there, to record this song on the walls.
blues music very beautiful joão miner e
make a video that passes through the
accordion to help you who asked for this
very beautiful music there themes taken and
It also has the different chords I
make this video now that you 're
you
explaining exactly how you can
to play their content to the song with
January but it is being recorded
also bigger is bigger
the dollar goes up and it already starts with a
speck
the sound is
There you make it look better than the
agreement does not make aquino minor chord
with the fifth finger is not
ae
always have longer notes with the
situation
so it's mall it's me it's morse football
if you want to make a rope next to where it goes
make hair lettuce read there and feel sorry
here is a new beginning then
ae
is cool with morality is there in B flat
looks like this the package of minors
if the sun or the air waves the note in the
low bass
O
Then you 'll get the Lord.
the sun's the ease
now
the goal
era is
I'm going back here with me, it's not like zeca calls.
more beautiful was still a finishing touch
ae
I'll do everything then.
ah
ah then it became cool down pro gives it is
a bass that does not pull a lot of bolero and he
changes from an acted a sertaneja song
of the sun was the smallest
I like funk
O
the hit
ae
ah
I would not be like that in that
I have done to you
is
ae
You can already solve it, you played it.
to leave beautiful
the contributions I used there was the rain
sun the lowest correct
here I can reverse
1 to 6 tiny here it's nice
we are here in the miniature mall that is
formed by football
sun and hello dollar closing with a
tiny minor
only certain low shock harmony riding
the notes is the one I passed
ae
is the
now you can you touch it okay then